go on tria so movie movie are gonna
shake your body hi lovely people I am in
Jamie Talia you can see we chefs cooks
whatever you want to call us we really
work very hard I'm gonna make a
fantastic really really really good
chicken meatball yes chicken meatball
again we can cook with olive oil then we
can cook with them now it's better
faster everybody like meatball so why
not to do it half pound of minced five
of chicken 520 grams or breast of a
chicken look me signorina the lake
signor inna the body and the booboo I
love it
this is about one enough clove of garlic
little black pepper a little salt a
great of a very good parmesan one ake
strating parsley you can say I'm gonna
handful of parsley make sure there is
enough pastor he personally give us a
lovely flavour just put them a little
chilly side mix all together and now
couple and full of a breadcrumb combine
them together
use your best hands I mean use your best
buy assurance a mix it
[Music]
now olive oil I got two almost for my
meatball pick him up one by one
split him inside while this fly nicely I
don't make the sauce
[Music]
you can see the sauce is lovely nicely a
bubbling just put a little bit of salt
inside you need the nice basil a couple
you tonight look nice and fine I want to
get that oil out let it cook for about
35 minutes but always check it that the
fluid it is not evaporated too much
because the meatball have to go inside
they need a room to swim thank God
invented the TV with the smell
I can guarantee you those I could smell
I can smell almost everything
[Music]
and this is chicken meatball with
slow-cooked - Raghu darisha you should
do a crash you're loving I love your and
one appetito
oh you have to try
[Music]